h1. You heard that "Agilevent":http://www.agilevent.com is hiring, and now you'd like to join the team? 

Our latest open position is a contract-to-hire remote position. Yes, this means you get to work from a coffee shop, your house, grandma & grandpa's, wherever. You can live in Minneapolis, Phoenix, NYC, wherever - it doesn't matter. 

h3. In order to be considered for a position at Agilevent, you must follow these steps.

# Fork this repository (if you don't know how to do that, google is your friend)
# In the *github-challenge* directory, please create an Android app that accomplishes the following:
** Connect to the github API
** Find the "rails/rails":http://github.com/rails/rails repository
** Find the most recent commits
** Create a ListView that groups the recent commits by author in a custom view. "e.g.":https://github.com/Agilevent/job-application/blob/master/example.jpg
# Add your resume to the *resume* directory
# Commit and Push your code to your new repository
# Send us a pull request, we will review your code and get back to you

Please note that these tests all require some basic "java":http://heather.cs.ucdavis.edu/~matloff/Java/JavaIntro.html and "Android":http://d.android.com knowledge. If you don't know java, "take a few minutes to learn the basics":http://mobile.tutsplus.com/series/learn-java-android-development/ and if you don't know Android "learn about it here":http://d.android.com/resources/index.html .  You will need to have "Java":http://www.java.com/en/download/, "Eclipse":http://eclipse.org (or "IntelliJ":http://www.jetbrains.com/idea/download/), and the "Android SDK":http://d.android.com/sdk/index.html installed.

If you noticed this, bonus points for reading the commit history. Let us know by including the words "Pants On!" in your Android app that you submit.

